30 nnnnsonron on uoon na nam nenne.

prose, but of such prose as vve find in Early Latin They necea
sarily belong, of course, to the postparatectic period, butte that
part of the period vvhile style vves still quite simple and unadorned.

The very fact that these origine are to be placed in a fairly well·
developed stage of the languege, and yet before the feeling for the
intricate and finely wrought periods of Oicero's day erises, is a
matter of great significance‚ end agein points to the same conclu·
sion, that the construction is not to be treced to consideratione of
style.

What the real genetic forces were vve have pointed out in the
preceding peges, and have illustrated them by sentences in which
the dependent clause directly expressed the same feeling aa the
independent clause,⁴ or e feeling kindred to it. These sentences
we have found in connection vvith the following subjunctiveet
J ussive‚ Permissive, Deliberative (end its extensione), Dependent
Volitive, optative, Subjunctive of Obligation or Propriety‚ An·
ticipatory (presentfuturc ond pest-future), Oonditional Subiunc-
tive‚ subjunctive of Ideal Certainty, end Subjnnctive in Indirect
Questions. In other words, the origine of this construction are
found tn exist in connection with almost every kind of subjunctive
of any importance in Early Latin, and the achiel instances of the
original kind are there found to be more then half of the verbs
usually considered as cases of attraction.

 

